pre-staking process clarification (#57)
onmax/nimiq-developer-center: migration/migration-technical-details.md

## Pre-staking Phase

The pre-staking phase occurs within a specific range of blocks and is exclusive for staking. During this phase, validator registration transactions are no longer accepted.

> Users who wish to stake their NIM for the PoS chain launch can send a pre-stake transaction of a minimum of 100 NIM, specifying which pre-registered validator they want to stake with. Any attempt to stake with non-registered validators or incorrect transaction details will result in the loss of the sent NIM. It is critical to follow the instructions exactly to avoid losing funds. Please note that once NIMs are pre-staked for a pre-registered validator, unstaking is not possible in the PoW chain. Stake can only be recovered when the PoS chain begins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users who wish to stake their NIM for the PoS chain launch can send a pre-stake transaction of a minimum of 100 NIM, specifying which pre-registered validator they want to stake with. Any attempt to stake with non-registered validators or incorrect transaction details will result in the loss of the sent NIM. It is critical to follow the instructions exactly to avoid losing funds. Please note that once NIMs are pre-staked for a pre-registered validator, unstaking is not possible in the PoW chain. The stake can only be accessed once the PoS chain begins.
```

> Pre-staking can be done through the Nimiq Wallet, which features an interface specifically designed to facilitate this. The Nimiq Wallet will provide users with a list of pre-registered validators, allow them to select one, and send their pre-staking transaction. Users can send one pre-stake transaction per address.

Reviewer: I may not be entirely up to date here but I believe multiple such transaction can be send, increasing the stake. I seem to recall that you can even switch validators before the migration.
 ```suggestion
Pre-staking can be done through the Nimiq Wallet, which features an interface specifically designed to facilitate this. The Nimiq Wallet will provide users with a list of pre-registered validators, allow them to select one, and send their pre-staking transaction. Every Address can only pre-stake for one pre-registered validator.
```
It could also be mentioned that this (the change I made) is also true in PoS.
